[Music]
and I have your attention
you're all dismissed bankrupt better
luck with your next job I'm not this is
not like my prosecute not even close we
don't want your broken part
[Music]
girls idea
PT Barnum at your service wouldn't
together a show and I need a star every
woman's is special nobody is like any
one of them that's the point in my show
gertie
[Applause]
[Music]
Hey
[Applause]
[Music]
Bicky
haha
and
[Applause]
this is me
I
and whatever made a difference by being
like everyone else I can't just run off
and join the circus why not when you
clearly have a flair for show business
or show good and divert of it because I
just invented